#Loose
https://open.spotify.com/album/2yboV2QBcVGEhcRlYuPpDT
#Mes courants électriques       
https://open.spotify.com/album/6K0fimWVZjBWWtpUH42h5x
#The Joshua Tree
https://open.spotify.com/album/4mULDK6YXrFXTfSwvwm4M3
#How To Dismantle An Atomic Bomb
https://open.spotify.com/album/5PQPur1PEZFDkI0AXbxFlB
#Sleeping With Ghosts
https://open.spotify.com/album/2toHnQWm3IbSocaWGYi9J4
#Without You I'm Nothing        
https://open.spotify.com/album/4wxoPjHSYFYurNyKaEiZNT
#Meds
https://open.spotify.com/album/4rIT7o85FQB2KfTMMT4Pj0
#Never Let Me Go
https://open.spotify.com/album/5yzRkYV3JUXfM7u4fBUFHX
#Wasting Light
https://open.spotify.com/album/5lnQLEUiVDkLbFJHXHQu9m
#Royal Blood
https://open.spotify.com/album/0BFzNaeaNv4mahOzwZFGHK
#Young For Eternity
https://open.spotify.com/album/1HkZWKsIED91NaG9PDEQt6
#Version 2.0 (20th Anniversary Deluxe Edition)
https://open.spotify.com/album/0vQQr2bJVVd6vqKprAIhum
#Garbage (20th Anniversary Edition)
https://open.spotify.com/album/6J6VzS5nLEzIdAynrYzqfk
#Gourmandises
https://open.spotify.com/album/27GazU6l1uTiP8WW4sw5vy
#Outer Wilds (Original Soundtrack)
https://open.spotify.com/album/1U0A6RPNJB05PtuBcaTM7o
#Drones
https://open.spotify.com/album/2wart5Qjnvx1fd7LPdQxgJ
#Battle for the Sun
https://open.spotify.com/album/4mrb99X7HPLvB96cd6xnUJ
#Brol La Suite
https://open.spotify.com/album/2UrPmvaX5X76LIzE6Cfiqu
#Back To The Water Below        
https://open.spotify.com/album/4B9IAqwQaPYHQi7kJcpPFQ
#How Did We Get So Dark?        
https://open.spotify.com/album/3Rz6kF8eGqrDOEteo5YsBj
#Typhoons
https://open.spotify.com/album/05aqnnpYVOvsX0SIzmIuxi
#Nothing But Thieves (Deluxe)   
https://open.spotify.com/album/3q4BkDV5B7sczFcfrIl2a2
#Showbiz
https://open.spotify.com/album/6AyUVv7MnxxTuijp4WmrhO
#To Lose My Life ...
https://open.spotify.com/album/1ySdrRPZa9ZRvlcUoGv8UE
#The Very Best Of 1989 – 2023   
https://open.spotify.com/album/2vsOirgRflAfcxNkxQVU3y
#Echoes, Silence, Patience & Grace
https://open.spotify.com/album/3ilXDEG0xiajK8AbqboeJz
#The Resistance
https://open.spotify.com/album/0eFHYz8NmK75zSplL5qlfM
#Dead Club City
https://open.spotify.com/album/0kqOkJ9HCUD4AXKvvR6lb7
#Hits To The Head
https://open.spotify.com/album/1NKpK2wzsNlIf59OvO2RVb
#Nonante-Cinq La Suite
https://open.spotify.com/album/2hQ9QcZ4VkoeBdBo1JNG64
#Uncertain Joys
https://open.spotify.com/album/0VE0o7RLM1ESFTzpMdhgEk
#Never Let Me Go
https://open.spotify.com/album/38urbmT2Jkop1biLqe1oQh
#A Place For Us To Dream        
https://open.spotify.com/album/0XYLcVMk3nU9R2DDT195s3
#Franz Ferdinand
https://open.spotify.com/album/0vi5ePiEHrGZJF7QhnDW2z
#Beautiful Garbage
https://open.spotify.com/album/4qm3Qamjfbv5sgw2qDSrup
#Impossible à prononcer
https://open.spotify.com/album/29zTlQ9Y9T7PtR4DhXIgim
#Send Away The Tigers
https://open.spotify.com/album/4ziF4MNYqoNM4XiSEybYYs
#Daft Pomp
https://open.spotify.com/album/0HVqDu4IilWqjSDHlGz18w
#Broken Machine (Deluxe)        
https://open.spotify.com/album/0r7wrRVD77lNrD9t2QgZrq
#Will Of The People
https://open.spotify.com/album/5qK8S5JRF8au6adIVtBsmk
#Sixtape
https://open.spotify.com/album/5PsBsjvMgT6Cxxz7nhzLUS
#Origin of Symmetry (XX Anniversary RemiXX)
https://open.spotify.com/album/5EIVoKtfgnSc0nPzJS6lzy
#Moral Panic (The Complete Edition)
https://open.spotify.com/album/3hDxbjNyiWDhOFBXSThxVF
#Oochya!
https://open.spotify.com/album/4LbVuFXMXZaBOdqVnByOVi
#Wow
https://open.spotify.com/album/1Ihd1Ym29lWWA0XYAXpJMt
#Pop'n'Gum
https://open.spotify.com/album/11UM6rPmxsn6WoJqwQmH3A
#Coverz
https://open.spotify.com/album/5l5VAVaolfEHjhKzCNWcsA
#The 2nd Law
https://open.spotify.com/album/3KuXEGcqLcnEYWnn3OEGy0
#Hot Fuss
https://open.spotify.com/album/4piJq7R3gjUOxnYs6lDCTg
#Songs For The Deaf
https://open.spotify.com/album/4w3NeXtywU398NYW4903rY
#HAARP (Live from Wembley Stadium)
https://open.spotify.com/album/2EcBoQ1Hb39hgSUEgrtR3j
#Absolution
https://open.spotify.com/album/0HcHPBu9aaF1MxOiZmUQTl
#Black Holes and Revelations    
https://open.spotify.com/album/0lw68yx3MhKflWFqCsGkIs
#Simulation Theory (Super Deluxe)
https://open.spotify.com/album/5OZgDtx180ZZPMpm36J2zC
#Origin of Symmetry
https://open.spotify.com/album/1Dh27pjT3IEdiRG9Se5uQn
#Live at Rome Olympic Stadium   
https://open.spotify.com/album/2m7L60M210ABzrY9GLyBPZ
#big calm
https://open.spotify.com/album/2m7L60M210ABzrY9GLyBPZ
#happy busday
https://open.spotify.com/album/1YMyCDHQ6HNO6kbGyYV4wZ
#el camino
https://open.spotify.com/album/5DLhV9yOvZ7IxVmljMXtNm
#out of time
https://open.spotify.com/album/6yEuIwTQpciH1qtj7mP5GK

#nothing but thieves
https://open.spotify.com/artist/1kDGbuxWknIKx4FlgWxiSp
#royal blood
https://open.spotify.com/album/3Rz6kF8eGqrDOEteo5YsBj

#no4
https://open.spotify.com/playlist/3IPxaVoU3lfMryeE0ox4bZ?si=d2363be10baa4705
